CASMINST-5962 - Update Docs to Indicate Ceph Latency Repair is Mandatory (#3702)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: RELEASE_NOTES.md

* UAIs use a default route that sends outbound packets over the CMN, this will be addressed in a future release so that the default route uses the CAN/CHN.

> * On some systems, Ceph can begin to exhibit latency over time, and if this occurs it can eventually cause services like `slurm` and services that are backed by `etcd` clusters to exhibit slowness and possible timeouts.  It can also cause nexus to start up slowly or fail to initialize properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On some systems, Ceph can begin to exhibit latency over time, and if this occurs it can eventually cause services like `slurm` and services that are backed by `etcd` clusters to exhibit slowness and possible timeouts. It can also cause Nexus to start up slowly or fail to initialize properly.
```

> See [Known Issue: Ceph OSD latency](troubleshooting/known_issues/ceph_osd_latency.md) to execute a repair script which is mandatory toward prevention of this latency condition. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Known Issue: Ceph OSD latency](troubleshooting/known_issues/ceph_osd_latency.md) to execute a repair script which is required to prevent this latency condition. 
```
